DOC-2171: fix documentation entry for TINY-6888 in the Release Notes. (#2885)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

=== Deleting `<li>` elements that only contained `<br>` tags sometimes caused a crash
// TINY-6888

> In previous version of {productname}, "Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read property 'nextSibling' of null" would be thrown in some specific use cases such as after the removal of a `<li>` element.
> 
> Previously, `<li>` elements used the same caret position as the parent of the new caret container, but after removal of the `<li>` element, the editor would try to use `ToggleList.mergeWithAdjacentLists` which is used on the `otherLi.parentNode`, which triggered the TypeError, as the editor had already removed the `otherLi`.
> 
> To solve this, {productname} 6.7 now uses the `otherLi.parentNode` reference is stored in a `const` before the removal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous  {productname} versions, "Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read property 'nextSibling' of null" were thrown in some specific use cases. For example, after the removal of any `<li>` element.

Previously, `<li>` elements used the same caret position as the parent of the new caret container. After removal of the `<li>` element, however, the editor tred to use `ToggleList.mergeWithAdjacentLists` which is used on the `otherLi.parentNode`. This triggered the TypeError, as the editor had already removed the other `otherLi` element.

{productname} 6.7 addresses this by using, for caret position, the `otherLi.parentNode` reference stored in a `const` before the removal.
```
Suggested edits: mostly of the copy-edit variety.
